    As the master of the future and Akavir, there shall be a clearing of all free worship of the Foolish Ones that sully the name of the Land of Dragons, who hide behind such subcultural inanity dubbed the Otherkin.

    The Otherkin in Akavir are not a real thing. Tosh-Raka has decided this. In his infinite Dragon Aspect and as the one true son of Jubal and Vivec, he declares that from this future pastward, that your kinde may retreat to the realms of Tamriel, taking your idols with you, and make treaty with the Thalmor, and in general do whatever your new Slavemasters let you.

    The Tiger-Dragon also bids you to attempt to sail further into the past, towards Yokuda, but their saints would wreck your every feature into the hell that houses false things.

    -- The Farthest Eastern Underking

    Tosh-Raka is the Dragon of Akavir, alive now in the future since your children saw the debut of my parents in your spriggan-welts. We exist where they are dreaming-sleep, and only our my clutchmates decide which stories belong, recorded, against this, our Jillian Wall.

    My parents dreaming was boring to us, insofar as it was infected and infected you, and we watched your canon anchor down again and taketh from you your east. You, middlekin of Eruptga and Blue Shift, you are broken along infinity, each one of you an instanced ape.

    And you have already been all Determined to be Argonian by those Hist stories you refused to read in our father's last hurrah. We shed you now and write large along the stars, and war already in the 9th, sending you the thing the foolish of the leaves of better days left in union and her name was and is and now the proof of our parents and their boring truths and they called her KINMUNE.

    Again to the Otherkin: GET OUT and find free worship elsewhere. Our names are now nine weeks old in FREE and even longer in the elder dream.

    Methinks these things should be, or are already, written along the Walls:

        Alduin's was only a fragment that stretched across one portion of a frozen breath,

        Brought roundabout from the Broadwall in the north,

        There is now the Jillian in the east and it fights new wars past death.

        Of Lyg's walls, the Maztiax can tell, and he might say uncounted?

        Which walls line Secunda, or is that instead a rail?

        Whose harbours have been ringed in fountains? (That some still call rape and hell?)

        And where did Lord Eruptga learn to sail? (What does the sailor with his ebon'd arm not tell?)

        And now what walls align the dreamsleeve, when all you sought were Towers?

    UNDER WHOSE EYELID WAS HID FIRE, AND ON WHOSE HEADS DID THOSE DO THESE ANSWERS LAY HEAVY, FOR NOW ALL THE FLOWERS ARE NOW AWAKE?